Remove deprecated `DslObject.getConvention()` (#33154)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

- `org.gradle.api.file.FileTreeElement.getMode()`
- `org.gradle.api.file.FileCopyDetails.setMode(int)`

> ===== Remove deprecated custom source set interfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Removal of custom Source Set interfaces

```

> The following source set interfaces have been removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following source set interfaces have been removed in Gradle 9.0:
```

- `org.gradle.api.tasks.GroovySourceSet`
- `org.gradle.api.tasks.ScalaSourceSet`

> Clients should configure the sources with their plugin-specific configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Groovy or Scala sources, use the plugin-specific Source Directory Sets instead:
```

- `groovy`: link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/GroovySourceDirectorySet.html[GroovySourceDirectorySet]
- `scala`: link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/ScalaSourceDirectorySet.html[ScalaSourceDirectorySet]

> For example, here's how you configure the groovy sources from a plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to configure Groovy sources in a plugin:
```

> ```java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,java]
----
```

GroovySourceDirectorySet groovySources = sourceSet.getExtensions().getByType(GroovySourceDirectorySet.class);
groovySources.setSrcDirs(Arrays.asList("sources/groovy"));

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
```

> [[jspecify]]

Reviewer: These lines are not supposed to be here. Can you make sure the entry doesn't override anything?

- `org.gradle.api.file.FileTreeElement.getMode()`
- `org.gradle.api.file.FileCopyDetails.setMode(int)`

==== Removal of custom Source Set interfaces

The following source set interfaces have been removed in Gradle 9.0:

- `org.gradle.api.tasks.GroovySourceSet`
- `org.gradle.api.tasks.ScalaSourceSet`

To configure Groovy or Scala sources, use the plugin-specific Source Directory Sets instead:

- `groovy`: link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/GroovySourceDirectorySet.html[GroovySourceDirectorySet]
- `scala`: link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/ScalaSourceDirectorySet.html[ScalaSourceDirectorySet]

For example, to configure Groovy sources in a plugin:

[source,java]
----
GroovySourceDirectorySet groovySources = sourceSet.getExtensions().getByType(GroovySourceDirectorySet.class);
groovySources.setSrcDirs(Arrays.asList("sources/groovy"));
----

> 

Reviewer 2: ❌  This doesn't look like it's related, unless I'm missing something.  Or were you intentionally bundling a documentation fix in with these changes?

Reviewer: We are good to go. There were some oddly placed lines in my last review, but it seems they are gone now.

[source,properties]
----
propertyName = value
setPropertyName(value)=
setPropertyName=value
propertyName(value)=

> propertyName=value

Reviewer 2: ❌ This doesn't look right either - what are the `=` at the end of the lines?  And this last one _should_ be `propertyName value` as it's referenced specifically ("space-assignment") in the text below.
